---
title: My first experience of paper rejection
date: "2020-02-17"
featuredImage: './rejected.png'
---

I was about to sharing my first experience of driving alone yesterday, but end up with the week review. Moreover, i planned to write it down today since it is a huge event for me since it has been four years since I got my driver's license in China, but out of fear, I had never driven alone. A significant experience to write down until I found an email from the conference where I submitted my very first paper, the paper that I modified until the last second, and ended up with that rejection letter. 

I got three reviewers working on my paper, thanks for their reviewing and suggestions. The first one gives me Reject directly while the rest two give me Weak Reject, well, full reject, which means. How do I feel then, it is hard to say, a little bit disappointed, but not that much, cause they did not diss the main contribution of our paper, but some side techniques that we use which means we still have to hope on this paper once we correct the issues they mentioned.

**Everything happens around you is your responsibility**.

Though subtle sadness in my heart, which I could not control, I know what I should do are read the review and recall the moment that I was writing this paper as well as those suggestions from the co-authors that I did not take but appeared in the list of rejection reasons, instead. That is the worst thing as it could have been prevented in advance by me. Anyhow, what happened happens, the only thing I could do is accept reality and try to learn from it and make myself better. All sadness and happiness on my are my responsibilities, blaming and crying and giving up will not change anything, but accepting, challenging, changing, and refecting. The journey just begins, and I will never surrender. May the harshest test on me and make me stronger.

**Apologize for not being more proactive**

