---
title: Why am i getting distracted easily while studying
date: "2020-02-19"
featuredImage: './focus.png'
---

It is almost 4 pm right now; 3 hours have passed since I started my afternoon learning circle and 1 hour after I went to the library to make me “in the condition of learning.” Well, hard to say that i learned anything.

I don’t know why I am i always so easily get distracted when i was studying. Study in the lab, I might think about the machine, think about the view outside the window next to me, think about drinking water. Study in the lab, and i will unconsciously follow those study groups, listening to what are they discussing, oh, they are learning some new language, cool. And time just slips away like this heartlessly. And leave only self-disappointing behind to me.

This is so weird, why am i never get distracted while going through the titles of the Youtube videos looking for interesting content, why am i never have any extra idea and thoughts howling in my mind when i am killing my time in Taobao or Amazon, I am always so so dedicated on my task of thinks like that, but so distracted when i am studying. This is not right and nor good.

I put down my kindle and stopped reading the book *The 80/20 principles* cause I realized that after 30 minutes of reading, i barely remember anything that i just read, time was wasted, energy was wasted, a thousand horses had run through my heart and mind and disturbed my inner peace or, smashed it.

So, what exactly caused this issue? I started to think about this. I have thought about this many times already actually, each time i might get a different answer, yet none of them helped me to improve the condition. However, this time, i think i got it with the help of analyzing my mental status on watching YouTube and looking for the product that I need on Amazon.

One of the biggest difference between studying and having fun or using Amazon is that while I am reading a paper or book, I didn’t expect anything, I just hold the mindset of *getting* everything from the book or paper, i am not looking for an answer or expecting for a result. I am just *reading*, reading itself becomes the reason why I am doing the studying, instead of *study*. While I am using Amazon, I am either looking for something fancy, or i already know what I need and just coming there to get the best of what we can get from Amazon, to do that, i need to pay attention to the description of the product henceforth could not get districted. 

Just go back to study, I will not get distracted while I am writing my homework no matter how hard it is, on the contrary, the harder, the more i am focused on the work since the due is approaching, and i can not miss it. I know what I am doing, I know why I am doing it, and I have to learn how to do it, this *HOW* makes me have to focus on my current work. 

OK, based on that, what could I do to improve my study quality then? First of all, I think i should think for a few minutes before I start to work on the paper or book about why am i doing this. Then, list a few questions on what i want to learn from the things that I am going to study, during the study process, i have  to keep my eyes on those questions and keep looking for the answer from the material that I am working on. Then, after the reading, i should formally write down the answer to those questions.  