---
title: Who we are under the DEMOCRACY
date: "2020-03-17"
# featuredImage: './papersurvey.PNG'
---

Well, Since I did not find the slides on the canvas of the last presentation, I decided to talk about something that I concern the most in the past two weeks. One is the coronavirus and another the journey back to China.

The coronavirus breakout in China 2 months ago, and has spread out everywhere in the world. Though the Chinese government has successfully controlled the scale of the influence of the virus, other countries could not do the same. The English government has declared a herd immunity strategy, which means the UK government has decided to sacrifice around one million people to get every UK citizen infected.

I am not an expert on this, so I will not judge their strategies. Maybe that is the best way to do it. However, what I concern the most is that those one million people who are supposed to be left behind might be poor. Think about that. The queen has already evacuated from the dangerous areas, not to mention those rich people, they have money, not only could they prevent themselves from contracting the virus, but also could they cure it even if they get infected. What about the poor? The poor people have nowhere to escape; the only place they have is where they live right now; most of us the ordinary people do not have a second house. And even if you have, likely, it is still in the dangerous area. So, it is not one million people given up. It is one million poor and older people been sacrificed to the god of death. 


Yet, we could say that herd immune might be the best thing that we could do. It is reasonable because it is hard to prevent the virus from spreading. There is only one China in the world. You cannot force them to do something that they could not do. Understandable. But the problem is that you are not asking the god to decide the fate of people, but based on their richness. In one of the fictions of CixinLiu, he predicts that in the future, the poor and the rich will be a totally different type of human being. The rich could be smarter than the poor, be stronger than the poor, be taller than the poor, and even live much longer than the poor. While the poor becomes a type of lower being in the mud. And here we are, poor becomes one of the essential sins that you should die for.

Called herd immune, but an extinct the poor and older people, the virus becomes a weapon that could be used to optimize the population structure of the society, such a pathetic for people like us who are neither rich nor ethically important. We could live a happy life in a peaceful era but will be given up in the time of chaos in those democratic countries. 

The UK and the western countries are famous for freedom, all type of freedom that you could ever imagine as a human being. And the living standard is higher than those second and third world countries. You could pursue your dreams and focus on the tasks that you care about the most. However, everything you enjoy could be gone since it is given by those who are rich, not by you. They control everything that they give you, and you enjoy them while you never own them, including your own life.

In the past of slave society, slaves are nothing but the property of the master, and if your master is rich and kind, you might live a happy and wealthy life. However, no matter what kind of life you live in, you are still noting more than a slave. If the master is in trouble, the slave will never be a concern of the master to care about the feeling of the slave.

Someone might think that the leader, who they believe is the master, is voted directly by the ordinary people, who I think is actually slave-like(I am not saying that we are slave, but kind of like a slave of those rich), and hence is not a relationship of master and slave. If you believe so, then you have not really understood the world, yes, of course, you could vote for the leader, but do you think that it is the leader who controls the world? A guy voted by the majority that will only work as the leader for a few years is running the world? No, my friend, it is not. Every candidate that you can vote for is simply a representative of group power, that power is the shadow of the world, the hand behind everything. That hand is not necessary to be a single man or a single group, but a class of people, the entrepreneur class, the noble family. And you and me? Nothing more than a grass beside the road for them. The leader that you voted is nothing more than a white glove. Democracy is simply a game for them.

Just think about this, you get the freedom of speech, but how many people could hear you? Not to mention that even under the flag of freedom of speech, there are still people who lost their jobs because of their words. You get the freedom to express yourself, but the platform will control the spreading of your language. Youtube has censorship,  Facebook could freeze your account if you post something they do not like, and Twitter will never give notice of Twitter that they think is pro something against the good of theirs. 

I am sorry to say all of these, but my friend, comparing to the slave of the past, we are just slaves that live a better life. Our lives are sacrificable. During the war, it is the people like us to die, while the glory belongs to the general. And now, it is us to die while the rich to escape and survive.  
