---
title: Why haters
date: "2020-03-31"
# featuredImage: './papersurvey.PNG'
---


 Before I came to American, or more precisely, before I ever pay attention to the content on the internet, I thought the world a beautiful and peaceful world where everyone respects others and care about the feeling of others. Instead, I am wrong. 

I never expected so many haters on the internet who deliberately spreads disgusting comments and show the world the darkest side of our human heart. But why? Why would they do such a thing to make others uncomfortable yet gain nothing for themselves?

When I was a kid, the only thing that I want to understand is the word ‘love,’ the love between friends of girls and boys, the love between family members, the love between lovers. It is so beautiful and so pleasant that it makes you feel enough and happy all the time. Think about that, a world that people love each other, encourage each other, and willingly assist each other. How beautiful would a world like that be like, don’t you want to live in such a world?

I do. But the reality is that all of us are living in a world in which hatred words count the most. When you watch videos, the comments below are filled with curse, dirty words, judgment, and attack. Everyone thinks they are better and smarter than others and directly becomes pride in others.

It is hard to make this world a better place to live in since it is hard to make some positive influence on others, while it is easy to make others hate you which does not require any pre-technique and skill, you can just curse them and pull dirty water on them. In such a way, you are spreading your influence on this world. 

So, it is the influence. We all want to influence others. We wish others to accept what we think, what we believe. Making others accept our idea creates an illusion of obedience and supreme, where you think that you can dominate others.

When you spread hatred, you are expecting some response. Most likely, you wish the others bend behind you and accept your words, which are also your points on things. However, the chance that you get another hatred response is higher, and further creates more hatred comments to the world. 

That is us, humans, we all want others to follow us and obey us. 

No matter who we are talking about in this world, getting offended always makes us unhappy. We enjoy the feeling of conquering, of letting others follow our orders. If you are an expert, yes, you can get a lot of followers as you know something better than the rest. But if you are nothing there, whatever you say, no one would ever listen, so spreading hatred becomes an efficient way to makes yourself heard as it could reach the most.

This is the dark side of our human being. Currently, you are not spreading anything bad does not mean that you are a good guy; it only means that you have gained enough knowledge to convenience someone instead of using hatred words. There will always be a moment in your life that you can not argue rationally with, and the only thing you can do is spreading hatred. 

Unfortunately, I have to say, 90 percent to 99 percent of the people in this world are not highly educated, which means they don’t have enough knowledge to support their judgment on things, and they have to choose hatred words to spread their influence. Am I one of them? I guess so.

Another reason that we human prefers to use hatred words is that we do not want deep thinking on things. When we are facing problems or troubles, the most natural thing that we could do is blame others and declare of taking no responsibilities on the consequences.
Only if the consequence is slight to you and will not cause big troubles to you, will you accept it willingly. Otherwise, we are more likely to find someone to blame.


When it comes to deep think or second thought, I have to say that we are programmed as emotional animals, no matter what happens, our emotions always come at first, if you are not a rational one who could control your emotion, it is hard for you to stop yourself from spreading hatred to the world.

Anyway, spreading such disgusting stuff is a common thing that we all do. If you want to get rid of such dark things. Please step away from the internet and stop getting involved in that internet arguing topics. While the internet could reach the most people, the new edge of the internet covers the uneducated the most, while you are arguing with internet users through the internet, the chance that you are talking with a rational guy is rare, you might talking with an anti-society or even anti-human person who has never planed to reach any consensus with you, rather deliberately spreading his idea to you. 

While the sun rises, half of the surface of the earth still hides under the shadows. Do not try to touch the shadow. It will swallow you.
